Katheryn Satterlee 

me@ksatter.com 
Portfolio: ksatter.com
Linkedn/Github: ksatter
512.925.1285


Full-Stack Web Developer with a background in customer service, management,  project management, and training. Seeking a dynamic, challenging company with which to grow and thrive. 

SKILLS

HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, ReactJS, NodeJS, ExpressJS, Sequelize, MySQL, MongoDB, Customer Service and Retention, Project management, Management, Training

EDUCATION

Georgia Tech — Full-Stack Web Development Certificate Program
AUGUST 2017 - FEBRUARY 2018, ATLANTA GA

EXPERIENCE

Georgia Institute of Technology, Savannah GA — Web Development Teaching Assistant and Substitute Instructor
April 2018 - Present

	Support students with a wide range of backgrounds and technical proficiency through an 			intense and demanding full stack web development course covering html, css, 			javascript and associated technologies.
	Manage distribution of class materials and curate class repository.	
	Assist instructor with time management and teaching strategies.
	Provide encouragement and moral support to students.
	Assist students with classwork, homework, technical issues and career planning.
	Received position due to staff recommendation upon completion of course. 

Trilogy Education Services, Remote — Web Development Tutor
June 2018 - Present

	Tutor students in javascript, css, html and associated technologies.
	Create custom lesson plans tailored to  each student’s strengths and areas of opportunity.
	Manage scheduling, communication and logistics for tutoring sessions.

Rhodes Murphy, Louisville GA — Senior Tax Preparer
JANUARY 2017 - MAY 2018

	Prepared tax returns for a diverse range of clients. 
	Assisted owners with day-to-day operation and personnel strategies.
	Provided technical assistance and support to a network of four offices.

Ecig.com, Austin TX — Customer Service & Retail Store Manager
AUGUST 2015 - DECEMBER 2016

	Managed scheduling, inventory, training and compliance for retail store. 
	Ensured that all customers receive a high level of care and support.
	Assisted with creation of customer support policies and procedures.
	Monitored, coached and supported team of five employees.
	Created new RMA procedure from first customer contact through receiving compensation from 			distributors.

BuildASign, Austin TX — Customer Love Team Member
JULY 2013 - MAY 2015

	Resolved customer pre and post order issues.
	Assisted customers with design and selection of signage. 
	Mentored new employees.

Idea Incubator, Austin TX — Customer Care Team Lead
JULY 2013 - MAY 2015

	Managed and developed a team of eight customer care representatives.
	Developed and implemented new employee training program.
	Reduced company-wide refund rate by 13%.
	Created and maintained internal and external customer care tools.

IASA Global, Austin TX — Operations Manager
AUGUST 2010 - APRIL 2011

	Developed, implemented, and managed customer support strategy.
	Provided internal and external technical support.
	Developed, implemented and managed asset management strategy.
	Acted as web admin for company’s multiple websites.

Apple, Austin TX — Product Support Specialist
JANUARY 2009 - JULY 2010

	Provided second level technical support to iOS customers.
	Acted in a supervisory capacity to resolve customer complaints and ensure    customer 			satisfaction.
	Routinely led team in Key Performance Indicators.
	Collaborated with engineering team to identify and resolve issues.
